hi hey is Reese home sure yeah sure come
on of course I'm Marcus hunt for
brother-in-law I'm Devon we work
together oh hi Devon just one type of
sex teen of emissions enter sorry my
life I'm even in term of you how come I
can never stand up for myself I prefer
you're lying down you think that's a
little harder means d Huijin that as
much chance as you marry me oh you know
I want to wear number 50 you you know
why yeah milk low-fat baby wipes got it
Roy
milk lovette feeling a little stressed
applications coming in look you're the
interim dean of admissions you want the
big job with the big title mental health
issues serious insurance liability
Nick's the crazies anyone with a hint of
mental instability bye-bye come here you
sexy thing Oh mm-hmm you mean a mood
there's nothing better than makeup sex
re you are lucky that it's taken me this
long to realize that your first class
creep what seriously you were seeing
Merrill you screw him in the car you
thinking about screwing him this
afternoon at the park huh
you had an affair Marilyn said it was
over I took you back
but you lied to me humiliated me in
front of my men laughing at me tell me
that I can't keep my wife in line but
compromises about meeting in the middle
besides they're a lot of really bad
people in this world mmm
with a lot of really good blood so your
girl's gonna go out and play tonight
mm-hmm I thought I'd take her to some
fun clubs no I bet you know all the hot
spots that's right mm-hmm you should
come with us no it comes trouble a lot
of guys like that as a matter of fact
uh-huh wow this view is amazing
unbelievable
Oh something